Key Services DI /8 (#30678)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/controllers/dependency-injection.md

[!code-csharp[](~/mvc/controllers/dependency-injection/3.1sample/ControllerDI/Controllers/HomeController.cs?name=snippet2)]

## Action injection with `FromKeyedServices`

> The following code shows how to access keys from the DI container using the [`[FromKeyedServices]`](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.FromKeyedServicesAttribute) attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code shows how to access keyed services from the DI container by using the [`[FromKeyedServices]`](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.FromKeyedServicesAttribute) attribute:
```
